NIFI-7188: Adding filter capabilities into search & prerequisite refactors (#4123)
apache/nifi: nifi-docs/src/main/asciidoc/user-guide.adoc

*expiration*: Adds the Connections to the result list in which there are expired Flow Files.

*expires*: See "expiration".

*event*: Adds every Processor to the result list where the Scheduling Strategy is "Event Driven".

*invalid*: Adds Ports and Processors to the result list where the component is invalid.

*not transmitting*: Adds Remote Process Groups to the result list which are not transmitting data at the time of searching.

*pressure*: See "back pressure".

*primary:* Adds Processors into the result list which are set to running on the primary node only. (Regardless if the Processor is currently running or not)

*running*: Adds running Ports and Processors to the result list.

*stopped*: Adds stopped Ports and Processors to the result list.

*timer*: Adds every Processor to the result list where the Scheduling Strategy is "Event Timer".

*transmitting*: Adds Remote Process Groups to the result list which are transmitting data at the time of searching.

*transmission disabled*: See "not transmitting".

*transmitting enabled*: See "transmitting".

*validating*: Adds Processors to the result list which are validating at the time of executing the search.

=== Filters

> Filters provided in order to decrease the number of findings in a search based on positional information, like currently active Process Group. All filters consists of a key and a value, separated by a colon, like "_key:value_". The filters must present at the beginning of the search string and are not part of the search term. Unknown filters or known filters with unknown value are ignored. If the same filter appears multiple time, the first will be used. The order of different filters has no effect on the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters can be added to the seatch box as key-value pairs where the keys are predifined and check certain conditions based on the given value.
The syntax is "key:value".
Filters can be used together with other search terms and multiple filters can be used. The only constraint is that the search must start with the filters.
Unknown filters or known filters with unknown values are ignored. If the same filter key appears multiple times, the first will be used. The order of different filters has no effect on the result.
```

> *scope*: This filter narrows the scope of the search based on the user's currently active Process Group. The only valid value is "_here_". The usage of this filter looks like "_scope:here_". Any other value is considered as invalid, thus the filter will be ignored during search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*scope*: This filter narrows the scope of the search based on the user's currently active Process Group. The only valid value is "here". The usage of this filter looks like "scope:here". Any other value is considered as invalid, thus the filter will be ignored during search.
```

> *group*: This filter narrows the scope of the search based on the provided Process Group name or id. If provided, the only groups will be searched are the ones containing the filter value in their name or id. This is transitive, so if any parent Process Group is fit, than the contained Process Groups are subject of the search. In case on non-existing group, the filter will be used but the result list will be empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*group*: This filter narrows the scope of the search based on the provided Process Group name or id. Search will be restricted to groups (and their components - including subgroups and their components) the names or ids of which match the filter value. If no group matches the filter the result list will be empty.
```

> *properties*: In case of valid value, this filter excludes the findings would be added based on property. The valid values are: "_no_", "_none_", "_false_", "_exclude_" and "_0_". Every other value is invalid, resulting that the search will ignore the filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*properties*: With this, users can prevent property matches to appear in the search result. Valid values are: "no", "none", "false", "exclude" and "0".
```

=== Search examples

==== Example 1

`group:myGroup processor1`

> The search query will result a list of components are containing `processor1` in their relevant attributes. The search will be executed under Process Groups (directly or via contained Process Groups) containing the string "myGroup" in their name or id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search will be executed under Process Groups (directly or via contained Process Groups) containing the string "myGroup" in their name or id.
The result will contain components that match for "processor1".
```

==== Example 2

`scope:here properties:exclude import`

> The example search query above returns with every component is contained (directly or via contained Process Groups) by the currently active Process Group, where the component's relevant attributes (name, comment, etc.) contain the word _import_ but excludes the findings based on property attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search will be restricted to the currently active process group (and process groups within that).
The result will contain components that match for "import" but property matches will be excluded.
```

==== Example 3

`scope:here invalid`

> Executing this search will result the list of invalid Processors and Ports contained by the current group. The search execution will also use "invalid" as search term with the same scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search will be restricted to the currently selected process group (and its sub process groups).
"invalid" here (as it is alone after the filter) will be treated both as a keyword and a regular search term.
The result will contain invalid Processors and Ports as well as all other components that match for "invalid" in any way.
```
